# Entry 1

The topic that my website will be talking about is artificial intelligence(AI). I was deciding whether to do this website on artificial inteligentes or serial killers, in the end I ended up choosing artificial intelligence over serial killers. The reason these 2 topics interested me is because one I am interested in technology so artificial inteligentes got my attention. Two I am also intrigued by the science field of Forensics which included the topic serial killer as an option. Both of these topics made me want to research more about them. Being able to create computers that are able to think for itself and act on its own is very fascinating. As well as, the cases that are about serial killers. Serial killers are they human or not, what drives them into killing masses of their very own species. Even though, serial killers was very tempting to make a website on artificial inteligentes is my choice.
So far I am in the research phase of this project. My research will allow me to find  possible solutions regarding the safety and reliability of artificial inteligentes. So far the 2 sides arguing about artificial inteligentes on that one side says that AIs would allow mankind to evolve as a species while the other side says that artificial intelligence would replace the human species as a whole. In order for me to propose any kind of solution to this topic I would need to know more about the topic I am researching. To get the information I use the search engine google since it provides me with an abundance of information about everything that is related to artificial inteligentes. I used the site https://futureoflife.org/background/benefits-risks-of-artificial-intelligence/?cn-reloaded=1 to help me gather information since it provided me with information from both sides concerning this topic. So far the more common reason people fear Als is that they might gain the ability to escape from their creators hands and do whatever they please since they are programmed to think and act like us humans. In order for me to propose a possible solution to this I would need to do further research on this topic.


[Home](../README.md)
